Adding address notes (#754)
NethermindEth/warp: docs/docs/solidity_equivalents/addresses.mdx

---
title: Addresses
---

Addresses on Starknet are larger than on Ethereum.
On Starknet they take up the whole felt space (251 bits) rather than 160 bits.

To support StarkNet addresses we have slightly modified the solc compiler.
As a result, addresses in our flavour of Solidity are represented with 256 bits instead of 160 bits.

> It is also important to note that the `ecrecover` precompile will not work with StarkNet addresses,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also important to note that the `ecrecover` precompile does not work with StarkNet addresses since it uses Ethereum's curve. The return type of `ercrecover` has been changed from `address` to `uint160` to reflect this. 
```

Reviewer: That said, should we change it StarkNet's curve since we've changed address anyway?

---
title: Addresses
---

> Addresses on Starknet are longer than on Ethereum. On Starknet they take up the whole felt space i.e 251 bits.

Reviewer 2: bigger instead of longer

Reviewer 2: Can we add information about how the addresses are represented with 256 bits in our flavour of solidity

Author: Great point!

This is significantly longer than the Ethereum equivalent of 160 bits.

Please note that the precompile `ecrecover` should be used to recover Ethereum addresses only and not StarkNet addresses.

> This function will only return 160 bits.

Reviewer 2: This can be better stated by saying that ecrecover returns a uint160 instead of address now
